Israeli war planes have carried out
intense air strikes on KH Yunis in
southern Gaza Israel's military says
it's expanding operations there to
Target Hamas Fighters there have also
been strikes in central Gaza at least 12
Palestinians died when a house in the
aleda neighborhood was targeted Al jazer
hanim Mahmud joins us live now from arfa
in southern Gaza Han so just bring us up
to date then with the latest on these
Israeli air strikes across the Gaza
Strip
yes Daren well more tragedies keep
unfolding from the central part of the
Gaza Strip uh that came under heavy
aerial bombardment overnight and early
hours of this morning just within the
past few hours Al maazi and Al B Camp
came under heavy artillery Shilling
particularly the Eastern area but what
happened overnight was a residential
home in a zaa area that's at the central
part of the Central Gaza Strip next to
aat refugee camp where residential home
was targeted and destroyed the
residential home that was targeted
accommodated displaced Palestinians
evacu from different parts of the Gaza
Strip initial reports talk about four
people were killed But as time
progressed uh the and people were be
able to remove be removed from under the
rubbles the number reach to 12 people
mainly women and children and with
multiple injuries they were rushed to AA
Hospital in Dar balah City also Dar
balah City that's at the Eastern side of
Salah Road uh came under heavy
bombardment that well it's important to
point out that this particular part of
the city was designated as a safe area
for people to go to in order to avoid
being B B again they just all came to
the point where it's dangerous false
narrative by the Israeli military and in
fact it's not safe at all people got
bombed there anyways while air strikes
continue to pound the central part of
the of the Gaza Strip Kan Yunis City and
not only air strikes and artillery
shooting but there's also the invading
forces on the ground whose number has
increased uh dramatically within the p
last two days in attempt to expand the
military operations and all the military
activities to this time at the southern
part of hunis City there numbers of
people have been reported to Naser
hospital and the Jordanian field
Hospital of various injuries and those
who also were killed as a result of this
expansion all right hany Mahmud live for
us there in Rafa in southern Gaza hany
thank you